com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Network/OnDetailsApiListener.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Network.OnDetailsApiListener
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Models/SearchEndPoint/Name.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Models.SearchEndPoint.Name
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/WelcomeActivity.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.WelcomeActivity
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.WelcomeActivity$1
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Models/SearchEndPoint/Title.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Models.SearchEndPoint.Title
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/ActivityWelcomeBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.ActivityWelcomeBinding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/MainActivity2.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.MainActivity2
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.MainActivity2$1
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/SignUpActivity.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.SignUpActivity
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.SignUpActivity$1
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.SignUpActivity$2
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Adapter/MovieCastPagerAdapter.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Adapter.MovieCastPagerAdapter
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/MovieSearchActivity.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.MovieSearchActivity
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.MovieSearchActivity$1
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.MovieSearchActivity$2
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.MovieSearchActivity$3
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/ActivityMovieSearchBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.ActivityMovieSearchBinding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Adapter/ListAdapter.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Adapter.ListAdapter
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Network/OnSearchApiListener.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Network.OnSearchApiListener
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Network/GetMovies.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Network.GetMovies
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Network.GetMovies$GetMovieDetails
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/ActivityMain2Binding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.ActivityMain2Binding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/MovieCastFragment.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.MovieCastFragment
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Network/RequestManager.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Network.RequestManager
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Network.RequestManager$1
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Network.RequestManager$2
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Models/SearchEndPoint/Company.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Models.SearchEndPoint.Company
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/HomeMoviesListBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.HomeMoviesListBinding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Constants.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Constants
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/BuildConfig.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.BuildConfig
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Adapter/HomeRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Adapter.HomeRecyclerAdapter
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Adapter.HomeRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Adapter.HomeViewHolder
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/LoginActivity.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.LoginActivity
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.LoginActivity$1
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.LoginActivity$2
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/OnMovieClickListener.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.OnMovieClickListener
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/ActivityMovieCastBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.ActivityMovieCastBinding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Models/FilmEndPoint/Trailer.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Models.FilmEndPoint.Trailer
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/MovieCastActivity.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.MovieCastActivity
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/UI/DetailsActivity.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.DetailsActivity
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.DetailsActivity$1
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.DetailsActivity$2
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.DetailsActivity$3
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.UI.DetailsActivity$4
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Models/FilmEndPoint/DetailApiResponse.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Models.FilmEndPoint.DetailApiResponse
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Models/SearchEndPoint/SearchApiResponse.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Models.SearchEndPoint.SearchApiResponse
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/ActivityDetailsBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.ActivityDetailsBinding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/databinding/FragmentMovieCastBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.databinding.FragmentMovieCastBinding
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Models/SearchEndPoint/SearchArrayObject.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Models.SearchEndPoint.SearchArrayObject
com/moringaschool/android_ip_1/Models/FilmEndPoint/Cast.java
 com.moringaschool.android_ip_1.Models.FilmEndPoint.Cast
